document existence of document_thumbnails (#2470)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/administration.md

This command takes no arguments.

### Document thumbnails {#thumbnails}

> Sometimes you may wish to re-create document thumbnails. Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to re-create document thumbnails. Optionally include the ` --document {id}` option to generate thumbnails for a specific document only.
```
